README.md, before:

The media player was created for the enjoynment of myself and others. The controls should be self explanatory as they are in any other media player.  


 # FEATURES:  
    1. The media player was configured to use localStorage to save its settings and remember them when the page is reloaded or visited.  
    
    2. Repeat Mode endlessly repeats the currently playing song until it is unchecked.  
    
    3. By default, the media player will always select a new song that you have not previously listened to once the current song has ended, Whether or not Shuffle is enabled. If Shuffle is not enabled and the next song is a song that you have listened to before, it will skip right over it onto the next one on the list if its one you have not listened to.  
    
    4. Loop mode was created to override the media player's default behavior when it comes to choosing songs. While this is checked, the player will 'loop' through all the available songs and choose any of them, regardless or not if you listened to them before.  
    
    5. Theme mode allows the player to select a random theme from the ones available and changes it every time the song is changed. Of course, even without this checked, you can still manually change the theme by selecting one from the list which will expand once you move the mouse over it or tap on it.  
    
    6. Portable mode opens a new window with the player already scaled to the size you had it in and it will pick up from the same exact spot on the song you left it in. This is also true if you were to refresh the page or come back later. And, yes, if you left the player playing before leaving, it will play automatically when you come back, so pause it before you leave if you don't want that!  
    
    7. The Player was created to be as compact as can be, which is why it is that small when you first see it, but you can increase its size with the four available size options. From then on, it will remember the size you left it in whenever you return.  
    
    8. The "Listened to..." section keeps track of how many NEW songs you have listened to out of the total available songs in the player. If you play a song that you have played before, the counter will not increase. It will also stop increasing altogether when it reaches the number of available songs and nothing else will happen, trust me.
    
    9. The Clear Playlist link resets the counter back to 1, clears your song history (which you could access before using the back and next buttons) and lets you start fresh. The song you are currently on upon clearing the playlist will become the new first song in your history, so keep that in mind!  
    
    10. Apple Bloom is the best theme... and pony. :)
    
    
[Media Player](http://eternitytrials.000webhostapp.com/) - [(Mirror 1)](http://eternitytrials.x10host.com/)

**Note** The files have additional code completely unrelated to the player itself! Although you can see what the other code does by using the links above, focus is not placed on these other tools, so.

Commit message:

Theme template
Added a theme template.

README.md, after:

The media player was created for the enjoynment of myself and others. The controls should be self explanatory as they are in any other media player.  

If you would like to make your own theme for the media player, please follow the template in: [PlayerThemeTemplate.css](https://github.com/XDieAndGoX/MLPPlayer/blob/master/PlayerThemeTemplate.css)

 # FEATURES:  
    1. The media player was configured to use localStorage to save its settings and remember them when the page is reloaded or visited.  
    
    2. Repeat Mode endlessly repeats the currently playing song until it is unchecked.  
    
    3. By default, the media player will always select a new song that you have not previously listened to once the current song has ended, Whether or not Shuffle is enabled. If Shuffle is not enabled and the next song is a song that you have listened to before, it will skip right over it onto the next one on the list if its one you have not listened to.  
    
    4. Loop mode was created to override the media player's default behavior when it comes to choosing songs. While this is checked, the player will 'loop' through all the available songs and choose any of them, regardless or not if you listened to them before.  
    
    5. Theme mode allows the player to select a random theme from the ones available and changes it every time the song is changed. Of course, even without this checked, you can still manually change the theme by selecting one from the list which will expand once you move the mouse over it or tap on it.  
    
    6. Portable mode opens a new window with the player already scaled to the size you had it in and it will pick up from the same exact spot on the song you left it in. This is also true if you were to refresh the page or come back later. And, yes, if you left the player playing before leaving, it will play automatically when you come back, so pause it before you leave if you don't want that!  
    
    7. The Player was created to be as compact as can be, which is why it is that small when you first see it, but you can increase its size with the four available size options. From then on, it will remember the size you left it in whenever you return.  
    
    8. The "Listened to..." section keeps track of how many NEW songs you have listened to out of the total available songs in the player. If you play a song that you have played before, the counter will not increase. It will also stop increasing altogether when it reaches the number of available songs and nothing else will happen, trust me.
    
    9. The Clear Playlist link resets the counter back to 1, clears your song history (which you could access before using the back and next buttons) and lets you start fresh. The song you are currently on upon clearing the playlist will become the new first song in your history, so keep that in mind!  
    
    10. Apple Bloom is the best theme... and pony. :)
    
    
[Media Player](http://eternitytrials.000webhostapp.com/) - [(Mirror 1)](http://eternitytrials.x10host.com/)

**Note** The files have additional code completely unrelated to the player itself! Although you can see what the other code does by using the links above, focus is not placed on these other tools, so.
